Okay.
So the only thing left to do in our job filter sidebar job types component to get it to use the composition
API fully is to replace our former methods.
We have two methods available here.
The first one is add selected job types which we get automatically from our mapped mutations helper.
So this is actually of course the name of a mutation and it creates an automatic method on this component
that commits that mutation, that triggers that, that thing to run in the view store.
And then we have our select job type method which runs the actual mutation right here on line 50.
And then it also navigates the user using the view router.
As a reminder, we invoke select job type right here whenever we react to a change event on our checkbox
input.
So as always, let's comment this out and we know that we have to replicate all of this logic within
our setup method.
So the first thing to remember is that map mutations is a helper method that does work for us that we're
able to do manually.
Remember that we have access in our old options API to the store on every component via this DOT dollars
on store.
But more importantly than that, on that store object, our view store, there is a method called commit
and commit is the method to which we pass a mutation name and that is the thing that actually runs the
mutation.
All that this syntax does for us is wires up this logic automatically for us.
But as long as we have access to a store object, we can still call, commit, still provide the mutation,
and still provide any additional arguments to that mutation with this old manual approach.
And of course we can get the store by using our use store helper function.
So right here I'm going to import.
You store.
And that, of course, is going to come from view X.
So right here at the very top of this setup method, I'm going to declare a concept called store, and
that's going to be the return value of your store.
And later on, we may find opportunities to move some of this logic to a composable function.
But for now, let's keep everything in here and go with the simplest approach.
All right.
So that's going to be something we need in order to run this mutation eventually.
We also have this line right here, 54, which is calling the push method on the router.
Well, we know that we can also access a router using the use router function from your router.
It's going to give us that that object as the return value of a function.
So once again, we're going to use helper functions as we've previously done.
So right here I'm going to import use router and that's going to come from view router.
So it's always important to be careful here and make sure you're importing from the right library.
Right.
Because a store is not a view specific concept, it is a view X concept.
So it has to be imported from that library.
The root object and the router object similarly don't come from view.
They come from a different library called View Router.
All right, so here in our setup method, I'm going to get access to my view router by invoking the
use router function.
All right.
And so now we have everything we need to emulate our former select select job type method.
We know in the new composition API that we replace methods with basic function calls.
So right here I can declare an error function in line.
I'm going to call it select job type.
And declare that arrow function in line.
And before we forget, let's immediately add it to our returned object.
So now our view is going to have access to a function that it previously had as a method same name,
so nothing should break as long as we implement the logic in here the exact same way as we did in here.
So this former method, now a function, has two responsibilities.
The first is to run a mutation.
To commit a mutation.
Well, we know we have our store.
It's available above the store.
We know that the way we run a mutation is by invoking the commit method.
So I'll invoke commit.
Which mutation do we want to run?
It's going to be this one that we formally passed to map mutations.
It's ADD selected job types and we already have that constant imported for its former implementation.
So right here I want to tell View X that I want to run this mutation which is going to make some change
to the store.
And as a reminder, if I open up my mutations that gas file and drag it over here to the right.
You may recall, a mutation is always going to accept the view or state as the first parameter, and
then any secondary parameters are up to us.
So because we defined a job types argument right here, this mutation needs it and we simply provide
it as the second argument to commit right here after the mutation name.
So we do not need to provide the state because view X will do that automatically.
But we do need to provide the commit method first with the name of the mutation and then with the arguments
to that corresponding mutation method.
So formally we were providing this that selected job types, which was our array stored in data.
Well now that array of information is stored in selected job types.
So we want to pass in selected job types.
But be very careful here because remember, selected job types is a reactive object and we want to pass
in not the reactive object, but the array that it's storing inside that it's keeping track of.
Because we don't want to save that reactive object here to select the job types.
We just want to save the array from the perspective of our view store.
So in order to get that nested array, we need to make sure we access the value property.
So there we go.
Finally, the second thing we do in select job type right here is we invoke the push method on a router
object.
This logic will stay exactly the same, except router is going to come from above from our use router
function.
So there's my router object.
I'm going to call push.
I'm going to invoke that method.
I'm going to call it with an argument of an object with a property of name set to job results.
All right.
And with that, we have basically completed moving this component to the composition API so we can remove
all of our former code.
So we no longer need this entire method section.
There we go.
And we no longer need our map mutations.
Important.
And take a look here.
We have an object with three return properties inside it.
Select a job types, unique job types, select job type.
And you can see as I scroll up, all of those are present here and they're still going to work.
So for example, here is selected job types.
That is our array here, a select job type that is going to be the function that we just defined in
the set of method that will run whenever the user clicks.
The checkbox and finally unique job types is that set that we're iterating over to create each checkbox.
We still have that defined right here, except of course it's coming from our composable function,
which itself is taking care of talking to the View Store and the the getters inside it.
All right.
So once again, this refactor now is in good shape and we're going to continue in the very next lesson.